Title: ViceGerant Address
Name: Timebomb
Date: Dec  6

Greetings Brother,
As I begin my second term as ViceGerant, I would like to say a few words, and clear up a few issues of and about the guild.
First of all, I wish to say this in the spirit of ShadowChaser, this is not STICKMUD!!!! The old politics, the old rivalries, the ond ways don't apply here -- we are here to start something new, something better.
What I care about --
-This guild and the players in it.  This mud and where it goes.  People opinions, if expressed, not forced.
What I don't care about --
-Who you were or what you did on StickMud.  I don't care what you led or coded or if you were this or that, this is a new game entirely! 
With that said, I'll move onward...
Last night, some things happend on this channel which I did not like -- both of myself and others.  My suggestion and solution -- don't politics to me Saturday night EST when I am drunk :)
er..don't talk politics, that is.
I apologize to those who I offended, it should be one person, and he should know who he is.
Now, for the real meat of this letter --
A little about this guild and how it's working right now and the precedents that we are trying to set.
In the spirit of this being a new Mud, I am open to new ideas and new ways to run things -- if you have a problem with me or the way I do things, you are welcome to challedge me, but do it constructively....
This means -- don't just come to me pointing fingers and saying I'm wrong -- come to me with a solution or alternative, or if nothing else, a well thought disagreement and an attitude of change and openness, not arrogance.
Secondly, to clear the air as far as excoms and unfrocks.
Excommable offenses --
-Attacking another priest or priest party.
-Challedging a warning given by the Cardinal or ViceGerant explicitly explaining it (FYI, none of these have even been given yet).
-A third one I'm going to put under consideration is that I'm sick of being dared to excom people -- pending discussion, this may or may not become precedent.
Unfrockable offenses --
-The only one I have off-hand is verbally and colorfully ripping into another priest.  Additionally, this will never be applied unless that player is warned they are getting out of hand first.  
-Others are more common sense..stealing from the guild, lying to an officer, etc.
Officers --
My feelings on officers are pretty much the elect officers are elected, always been, always will be.
Other offices --
Cardinal -- I feel this is the sole choice of the ViceGerant, because it is someone the ViceGerant has to trust and respect.
Elector Medico -- This person I feel should be determined by a combination of skill, attitude, and online time.  It was also decided this person should be a follower of Seth.  This one done for many reasons --
--Seth is a deity of peace and healing.  It just makes sense
--I'm sick of seeing all Caine's on the channel -- incentive for there to be more diversity.
Inquisitor -- The guild killer, to be blunt.  A suggestion was made to counter the precedent of medico to make a requirement of this person be a follower of Caine.  I like the idea, and it will be discussed.  This person should have great skills and just be gung ho pk!
Elector Secular -- I'd like to think skills don't play too much a part here..I think this is more like a treasurer..and just a true leader type is needed here.
Acolyte -- from the advice..glorified altar boy..with stonerain :)

Non elect officers are by no means set in stone for the duration of the election -- as I posted before -- post or mudmail me if you are interested in a position -- I only got 2 requests, and filled them both.
Two things I hate, and will be forward about hating them --
-Inactivity in the guild.
-Negative attitude.
If you qualify either of these, don't plan on being an officer while I am ViceGerant.
I am very pleased to see that I have seen very little of both of these, but I would like to encourage everyone to be more active.  I have seen very few posts about new idea and suggestions on these boards -- they aren't just for guild business!!

Finally, I have a comment about the spirit of Mudding.  
On this mud, we play characters, and each of us bring a unique set of qualities to this mud.  What I really dislike is when someone brings the outside world into this mud.  I realize it's inevitable to some degree, but things like countries, nuclear war, Finnland, Sweden, and America don't exist on this mud...they are NOT part of the mud.
I am still very irritated at the conversation which occurred last night regarding Finnland and the US -- as far as I'm concerned, anyone is welcome to their opinion, and maybe this mud needs a polical channel, but I certainly don't feel it belongs on this channel.  I found it very offensive and I wasn't the only one.

Ending on a happier note -- happy hunting/training!
ViceGerant Timebomb
