COMMAND
	channel - command which will hopefully handle most of the channels

WHINER
	Type 'flordtoggle'. You won't have to do it again, it gets saved.

SYNTAX
	channel [<channelname> <command> [<arguments>]]

EXAMPLES
	These commands will work for all channels. Even on the guild
	channels, when/if they are converted.

	channel				List available channels
	channel lord list		Shows who are on the channel.
	channel lord who		Same as list.
	channel lord send		Same as list (almost).
	channel lord send hi!		Normal channel message.
	channel flord send :huutaa apua	Channel emote.
	channel lord on			Toggles channel on
	channel lord off		Toggles channel off.
	channel flord toggle		Toggles flord on or off.
	channel check			Checks all channels (rarely needed).
	channel lord hist		Shows the latest talk on lord.
	channel lord more		Browse the channel log.
	channel lord ban Jerk		Bans 'Jerk' from lord channel.
					You need to have privileges.

LISTING
	If you see people's names like this: (Foobar), [(Foobar)]
	or [Foobar], they mean the player is either (invisible) or
	(sneaking), or [editing], or [(both)]. If you see someone's
	name like this: <Foobar>, you are probably a coder.

CHANNELS
	Currently there are channels such as:

	lord	Lord channel, mostly english only please.
	flord	Finnish lord channel, finnish only please.
	thief	Thief guild channel.
	mage	Mage guild channel.
        ninja   Ninja guild channel.

	wiz, fiz, awiz: coder channels, not of your business.

	Guild channels will slowly be converted, in a few years.
	The old commands you are used to with your Guild Channel
	will probably work as if nothing happened. Even the layout
	might stay unchanged.

NOTES
	There already are commands 'flord', 'lord', 'lordtoggle', and
	'tailchannel' defined, they call the channel command. But
	you can customize the channels more with your own commands.

	To simulate the old lord channel, a command of this kind
	could be set:

		command lord channel lord send

	After that, if you type "lord", you'll see the list of people
	on lord channel; "lord hi" sends a message; "lord :grins evilly!"
	shows an emote, exactly as they used to work with the old
	command.

	Due the channels, there is now 10 more commands available.

SEE ALSO
	set
