Title: This is getting out of hand...
Name: Timebomb
Date: Mar 23

What all of you say is great and all, but there are important keys to this all that some of you leave out...
First off, everyone is starting clan wars and clans aren't fully implemented yet -- some might argue, and I say to this:
There is no fully effective global skills there is also no "clan areas" to provide any type of sanctuary...
Additionally, there is still a lot of new players here who aren't going to be given a chance if they are killed by a player twenty levels higher then them...this mud is still too new to the development of clans to be effective with it...and imho wars should still be personal at this point.

As far as killing someone so much that they can't leave town...I'm sure we're all familiar with the experience and all dislike it....so that begots the question...why would a clan or a person do that to another clan or person?
That is asking to lose players off this mud, and with so many new players and those who are underdeveloped and still desiding the direction they wish to take there character,
it is an unfair advantage to older players and a huge disadvantage to several players who are now just learning to mud.  This mud and this time period of development give people a time to learn and become experienced, but when one can't leave town because of other players, there is something wrong...something out of balance.

I, being one of the higher players atm, have tried to help players both from my clan and others...even those who have declared war on me.  I feel cooperation, and not war, until the mud is ready for a war, is the way to making this mud better.
Let the 40 plus players stop exp'ing and take on younger players to help them learn the mud...have we grown so warrish already that we can't put the fight on hold for a few weeks so the mud can develope and make people want to come back?
If I was new to this mud..and I was stealing from a level 40 or so player for fun, and he/she killed me..i very likely wouldn't return. 
That's not in good fun, and neither is attacking a person everytime they go out of town, and I think unless some players start to backoff, we're going to see a rapid plateua on this mud.

As far as the RL issue, I have violated it, apologized for it, and am trying not to do so again.  What names I call players are names assigned to their chars.  We do have to remember though that even though this is a game, in order to role play, you have to get somewhat "involved"
If you go to stickmuds page, and read Graah's paper of mudding..he quotes a player who, dying for the first time, actually was RL afflicted by the death scene -- if only everyone got that involved...maybe we'd realize how each other felt and start respecting each other instead of 
killing.   This mud isn't old enough for that kind of activity yet.

Anyway, this is way to long, and I'm sure that some others are goign to tell me to grow up and get find some stun res and quit whining.  I do feel, however, it is those same people who are so superior to the rest of us, if for nothign else the play time and experience of how to play..that are going to doom this mud.
And FYI, I don't consider myself a seasoned player...I am 3 years old or so, and still learning! and learning many new things everyday.
But, I have to say, I'd really like to see more players like Gabriel, who is willing to put this silly war aside and recruit players for the mud first, before his clan as well as be one of the higher new coders (and a great freaking job at that).  Lets, everyone, me included, try to follow that example.
Put the mud before your own feeligns of vengeance (no pun intended, gabriel).

TB
