Title: Progress
Name: Tamarindo
Date: Mar  4

Shadowchaser has now been open for four months =)  Keeping with
tradition, it being the 4th of the month I will tell you a little
bit of what we have attained so far and where we expect to go.

This month the coders of this mud added a few new areas to the
MUD that adds up to somewhere over 130 rooms and I hope you are
making some use out of them =)  We now have a web page, at least
the start of one at http://shadow.betterbox.net/.  This will be
expanded more as clans and skills develop.

I personally started on several new projects, one being a possible
new center town that will be more newbie and user friendly so we can
attract more players and keep newbies out of your hair ;)

I had a grand old quarrel with some people at StickMUD by simply
suggesting they do something similar to help out newbies.  There
was a lot of talk and we got some more players in the process.

I decided it would be a good time to introduce the concept of clans
to the game, so our first three clans have been born: O'Duren, Gunn
and WindRiders.  They all have a channel right now and I am working
on adding THEIR ideas to their clan areas.  I have some rooms done
and objects made with them.  I am currently working on storage
areas.  At this time you can make a clan for just 500k gold... it
will come with a channel, 9 rooms, some standard clan objects and
a board + guards.  We will expand on this more (past 9 rooms) when
we work the bugs out of these prototype clans.  Keep in mind a
clan is like a family unit... I would _really_ prefer you choose
family type names and not proper names.  Clans are great for ANY
type of player, from the chatters to the PKers.  It is YOU!!!

I have increased our coding staff now to 20 immortals, and a good
bit of them already have a lot of new rooms (hundreds) that will
be coming to you soon!  Keep patient, have fun =)  The less I have
to post and mail is the more I am helping people help you or even
coding myself ;)

This month should be interesting for us all, March Madness BABY!

-Tamarindo
