READ THIS DOCUMENT _VERY_ _CAREFULLY_ IF YOU EVEN REMOTELY THINK
YOU MIGHT BE THINKING ABOUT THINKING OF CONSIDERING APPLYING FOR
CODERSHIP! //Graah

Coders, those mystical men and women everyone knows exist but no-one has ever
really seen. Coders take part in creating and upkeeping the world from the
immortal side, thus they have left the mortal world almost completely.

If you wish to become a coder, you should

  1) Reconsider. It means you will probably have less contact with the
     mortal world and your mortal friends. No more monster bashing, no more
     firebreathers, no more chatting of the game, nothing. You couldn't even
     have another character for playing. And there is no return! Even if you
     stop coding and return to play mortal characters only, you will most
     probably be treated like a coder. That means severe punishments for
     even minor violations. You will be watched, snooped, and logged more
     than normal players.

  2) Get to level 25. You have to be at least on level 25 as a proof that you
     know enough about the game itself.

  3) Reconsider again. If you are just pissed off on dying or just want to
     boast your friends or if you are tired of killing, you'd better think
     seriously before applying. We want StickMUD coders to be active and
     productive, though you won't need to code 24h a day wiping the sweat from
     your forehead.

  4) Use regular E-mail to send mail to request@stickmud.jyu.fi and to the
     Subject line enter: send me application
     You should be receiving two documents in question with a short delay,
     one containing a copy of StickMUD Coder Law and one containing a copy
     of Coder Application.

     NOTE: The subject must be typed in EXACTLY as you see it above!
     (If this system does not work, please notify Bull about it.)

     ALTERNATIVELY:
     Use the mud post office to mail the (co)admins that you wish to become
     a coder. The co-admins that handle coder applications might be found
     from 'help admin'.


  5) Cross your fingers and hope for the best. Posting the application does
     not mean you automatically become a coder. New coders are seldom taken
     and chosen always very carefully.

If you have something to ask about becoming a coder, contact (co)admins, either
by tell or by mailing a letter at the post office.

Now, read THIS too!

From now on: if one becomes a coder, ALL skills and levels
WILL be lost!

Repeat: ALL skills and levels WILL be lost!

Did you get that? Read it again a few times!

SEE ALSO
        promotion, guildcoders
