There are four kingdoms - water, earth, wind and fire.  Each kingdom
will have a monarch (king or queen) who will hold the elemental sword
that belongs to that kingdom.  This sword will provide the monarch
with some extra powers to help rule the kingdom.  How the monarchy
will pass from one person to another is still being decided upon, but
for now it is important to talk about being king.  To stay a king the
king will need support from the people of the kingdom.  The kingdom
will need a person in the king spot they can support as well, so that
the kingdom does not fall under the rule of another kingdom.  It is
thought that the person who has the support of the most clan leaders
will probably be able to rule as king the best, but this is just
theory as it will be up to the players to decide how well this works.
Keep in mind too these kingdoms will be real kingdoms, real castles,
and have real cities (not like old kingdom systems).  The whole mud
WILL be involved.  It will at sometimes seem like we have four little
muds in one big one =)

There will be several clans.  A clan can be made up of any number of
people from one kingdom.  There cannot be two or more people from one
clan that have different kingdoms.  Of course though, the clan can
form alliances with clans in other kingdoms if they wish.  The homes
of the people in the clan will all be in the clan area, so when the
area is raided (by rival clans, rival party of another kingdom or any
individual) it will be as they are raiding their homes.  All of the
clan areas will exist within the borders of the kingdom they are a
member of.  Taxes will be paid by the clans to the kingdom.  The
clan areas can be built quite large if the members of the clan work
hard enough to collect the funds and materials necessary.  In order
to start a clan you must:
    * Be a member of a kingdom (and over level 25)
    * Get two others from the same kingdom to join you as founders
    * Draw up a charter, or document, concerning the laws of the
      clan, who is allowed to join, expectations of clan members,
      punishments and what spirit the clan was founded upon
    * 500,000 gold coins (this will go up)
    * More requirements in the future

You will be provided with the means to add and remove others from
your clan (except founders).  Land, channels, guards, etc will be
more money (and await implementation!).  Your clan areas can get as
big as the land and means you have to support them.  As they grow
so will the power of your clan and its influence in the kingdom.

There are no skill related powers associated with being the member
of a clan or kingdom.  One can survive as a drifter, but will miss
out on a lot of advantages of being part of the groups.

People can be spies inside of one kingdom for another.  Anything goes.

This whole system puts power in the hands of the players.  It will
take time to get this whole system operational, but it is wise to
start now while we keep the costs low.  The guild channels will be
disappearing in time, so get associated with a kingdom as soon as
you can.  Plan out the charters well, you WILL NOT get a clan until
you have a good charter (example coming soon).

-Tamarindo

PS ANYTHING IN THIS CAN CHANGE AT ANY TIME!! =)
