
 
 
                           CODER LAW OF STICKMUD
 
 
  These rules define what you as a coder can and can not do in StickMUD.
  Read these rules and obey them. Misbehaviour will lead to punishment, and
  honestly, you don't want to know how we punish people. Be frightened and
  live in fear.
 
 
 BASIC LAW
 
  Your account on StickMUD is personal. You are identified by your password
  and you are responsible for keeping your password your own secret. Do not
  ever for any reason whatsoever give or borrow your account or password to
  any other person. Pay great attention in keeping your password known only
  to you. If your password is found inadequate, you will be warned -- once.
 
  Remember that federal laws apply here too. All kind of 'hacking' and
  'cracking' in order to access unpriviledged resources or just for fun can
  lead to consequences from your account removal to a prison sentence.

  Remember also that if it is not explicitly forbidden, it does not mean
  it is automatically allowed! If you are even in slightest doubt, ASK!
 
  Also read these documents: 'man promotion', 'man guildcoders', and
  'man control'.

 
 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW
 
  Honour thy Administratives. If an admin or a co-admin exclaims that you
  love to bonk your head against the wall, you had better emote quickly
  "bonks its puny head againts the red brick wall and smiles happily."
 
  Always believe what admins and co-admins tell you, even if it violates the
  rules declared herein. Every time you, intentionally or unintentionally,
  for any reason whatsoever, have acted against these rules, you _must_
  inform the admins and co-admins about that and promise not to do it again.
 
  And never forget that the admins and co-admins are much brighter
  people than you: if you have something to ask, just ask, it's their
  duty to help you or to tell you to read the fine manual.
 
 
 MORTAL LAW
 
  Thou shalt not murder. That's simple: because you are not part of the
  "mortal" game any more, you will not play the game like a mortal player.
  You do not kill any monsters, not even try to hit them, nor you do buy
  Firebreathers from the Town Pub, nor sell the finest armours or weapons
  to the shop.
 
  You will not have another character for that purpose. The only exception
  is a 'testcharacter', what with you can try out areas that are not yet
  open to mortals. Your testcharacter must be accepted by an admin or a
  co-admin in beforehand.
 
  Thou shalt not steal, not from mortals, nor from monsters. You must
  leave the mortal world completely alone. Tickling and teasing mortals
  is not allowed. This applies the other way round too: Thou shalt not
  give away objects, money nor equipment. Not to players, not to monsters.
 
  Thou shalt not help mortals solving any kind of tasks, nor quests,
  you must not even tell them a least hint on how many hitpoints that
  invincible beast has lost. Not even if they could do the same with
  their magic tools. You can however tell them how to play the game in
  general, and usually the best way to handle questions is to tell
  them to ask from other players.
 
  Thou shalt not touch mortals in any way. This means and includes calling
  set_* and other set-like functions in player objects other than yourself,
  your testcharacter and coders who have given you their permission to do so.
 
  And remember that any mortal player is a mortal player, no matter how
  much you happen to love that specific mortal player, no matter how near
  you he or she or it sits in the very same terminal room, the admins and
  co-admins don't even care if she was your old and ill mother.
 
 
 PRIVACY LAW
 
  Thou shalt give others some privacy. Snooping other people "in act"
  or during their personal discussions is not a nice thing to do, no
  matter what kind of pervert you are. Unless, of course, the victims know
  and have given you a permission to do so. All kinds of teasing and
  harassing are also considered illegal. This applies to all users of
  the system, both mortals and coders.

  Abusing people's e-mail addresses and real names, or revealing them
  to third parties without permission, are not allowed!

  Workrooms are private area. Thou shalt not enter them without permission
  from the owner or transport someone out of one without asking permission
  from the one to be transported out. (It is also polite to notify the
  host(ess).)

 CODE LAW
 
  Thou shalt not "open" thy code to mortals by yourself. An admin or a
  co-admin is to do that. Your areas will not be "opened", ie. added to
  the current world, before they are completely ready. Don't bother
  admins before that, unless you have something to ask. You can use
  your character, your testcharacter and fellow coders (if they are
  willing), to test your own code. Do not use mortals to do that.
 
  Maintain thy already opened code. Check the bug and typo log-file of
  yours (/log/yourname.rep) every time you log in, and fix what is to
  be fixed. Typos and bugs can be fixed without bothering admins, but
  new addendums must always go through an admin or a co-admin.
 
 
 COPYRIGHT LAW
 
  Files under directory /open are completely uncopyrighted and for public
  use, except where explicitly copyrighted.

  Files under directory /players/<author> (where <author> is the name of the
  corresponding coder) are uncopyrighted, except where explicitly copyrighted,
  but remain private, and should not be copied nor moved elsewhere without
  given permission from the author. The administrative personnel may remove
  these files for any considerable reason, but a copy should be sent to the
  author upon request whenever that is possible.

  Files under /players/graah/ are freely distributable. They are however
  not the best possible examples! Especially the old stuff is quite bad.

  All other files accessable through this system are copyright (c) 1991,
  1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996 The StickMUD Project, all rights reserved.
  These files should not be copied nor duplicated in any way whatsoever
  for any reason whatsoever, out from this system.

 ABOUT BANISHMENTS AND PUNISHMENTS

  No coder or admin needs to explain anything about banishments or
  punishments. They are not OTHER players business. For now, don't
  answer to whines, board notes, mails, shouts, tells, channel messages,
  e-mails, or any queries about bans and punishments. There are plenty
  of MUDs around. If they can't behave here, they can play in some other,
  better mud.

  If they can't even figure out why they were banned, they are stupid
  enough to deserve any treatment.

  (Note the "needs to"; if you really want to be too nice, you can
  explain things to players. However, every time that has been tried,
  they just spam boards with whines. No matter what.)

 CODERS RETURNING TO MORTALS

  There really is no return from coderhood. If you return to play
  as a mortal, you will be watched more, and generally trusted less
  than the normal mortals. Any violation will be punished much more
  harshly than for the other mortals.
